Jamal: Where does Jamal do all of his shopping? : At the Jamall
Hritik: What is Hritik's favorite social media platform : Hritiktok
Alyssa: What do you call an Alyssa with siblings? : Alysista
Olga: What do you call an Olga after she eats? : Fullga
Conner: What do you call a Conner that runs a pawn shop? : Pawnner
Erin: What do you call Erin's favorite monkey? : Eringoutang
Jordan:  Where does Jordan hibernate? : in a JorDEN
Benjamin: What do you call a Benjamin you find in a jewlry store : BenJEMin
Kelsey: What do you call an independent Kelsey? : Kelsfree
Veronica: What do you call a Veronica that is a small bear? : Veronicub
Raymond: What is Raymond's favorite art medium? : Claymond
William: What is William's favorite canned meat? : Willispam
Spencer: What is Spencer's favorite utensil? : a Spoonser
Allen: What do you call an Allen that is your friend? : P-Allen
Lauren: What do you call a Lauren you can walk throught? : Dooren
Andrey: What is Andery's favorite dessert?  : Flandrey
Kimberly: What do you call a cold Kimberly? : Kimburrly
Hongjiang: What is Hongjiang's favorite sport? : Ping Pongjiang
Linni: What is Linni's favorite pasta? : Linni-guini
Quoc Dung: What does Quoc Dung put under their shoes? : Sock Dung
Kenneth: What do you call a Kenneth you write with? : Penneth
Genela: What do you call a Genela that wins a spelling Bee? : Genspella
Yoo Joon: What is Yoo Joon's favorite board game? : Clue Joon
Aditi: What is Aditi's favorite type of pasta? : Adziti
Kayla: What do you call Kayla's favorite Rapper? : Dr. Drey-La
Han: What do you call a righteous Han? :Han-orable
Henry: What is Henry's favorite type of bread? : Henrye bread
James: Where did James go to compete with the world's best athletes? : the Olympic James
Jed: What do you call a Jed that can fly? : overJed
Kelley: What do you call a Kelley in a position of a power? : a Kelleader
Nuo: What do you call a Nuo that can discern subtle differences? : Nuoance
Parren: What does a Parren sit on? : A chairren
Simi: What does Simi do at the beach? : He goes for a swimi
Vincent: Why is Vincent's wallet so empty? : He Vinspent all his money
Xuweiyi: What does Xuweiyi do at the gym? : Lift Zu-weight-yis
Andrew: What is Andrew's favorite html element? : a <span>drew
Kamden: What do you call a Kamden that grows? : Expamden
Anthony: What is Anthony's favorite lunch meat? : Anthbaloney
Steven: What is Steven's favorite Journey song?  : Don't stop beSteven
Travis: What do you call a Travis that is really fancy? : exTravisgant
Alex: What do you call an Alex in a man-made water channel? : a canalex
Leo: How does Leo show his patriotism? : He recites the pledge of alleogiance
Calvin: What is Calvin's favorite car?  : A cal(mini)van
Wenzao: What do you call a Wenzao that lays eggs? : A henzao
Jacob: What do you call a Jacob that is a drop of golden sun?: Raycob
Hao: How does Hao like to greet new people? : Hao-dy
Mingzhong: What does Mingzhong do in choir? : Singzhong
Kresta: What do you call a Kresta that you see in the sky? : Krestar
Anish: What would you call Anish if he was from Madrid? : Sp-Anish
Madison: What do you call a short lived Madison? : Fadison
Aiden: What does Aiden write with? : Ai-pen
Tianyu: What do you call a Tianyu that's made up? : ficTian(yu)
Christina: What do you call a Christina that is also a fish? : Christuna
Ryan: What do you a victorious Ryan? : Tryanumphant
Xueqi: How does Xueqi get into a room? : Using a Xuekey
Kelvin: What's Kelvin's favorite aquatic plant? : Kelpvin
Yu: What do you call a Yu who's on a computer? : the Yu-ser
Zachary:How does Zachary get ready for a trip? : He has to Packary
Manhong: When does Manhong know they need to eat? : They get Manhongery
Corina: What sound does Corina's phone make? : Co-ring-a
Hudson: What do you call a Hudson that is a potato? : Spudson
Tad: What do you call a happy Tad? : ExsTADic
Mark: Where does Mark buy his groceries? : Wal-Mark
Colton: What do you call a Colton who spent time in the sun? : Coltan
Sven: What do you call a Sven that costs a lot? : ExpSVENsive
Jonathan: What would Jonathan name a country? : Jonation
Jerry: What do you call a Jerry that is sweet? : strawJerry
Miklos: What does Miklos buy from the mall? : Miclothes
Melissa: :
Mowgli: What do you call a Mowgli that likes to sing? : Mowglee
Cindy: What do you call a Cindy that you use to secure fabric when sewing? : Sewing Pindy
Vu: What does Vu put after a CSS selector? : Vu-le set
Scarlett: What's the main ingredient in Scarlett's salad? : Scarlettuce
Aadi: How does Aadi combine two numbers? : Aadition
Woong: What do you call Woong's identical twin? : twoong
Austin: What do you call an Austin with dog hands? : Pawstin
Keith: Why were all the TAs late to section? : they forgot their Key-th
Jaimie: What do you call a Jaimie that is not wild? : Tame-ie
Manchen:  :
Prachatorn: What do you call a Prachatorn that's also a grain? : Prachacorn
Hemanth:  :
Jay: What does Jay wear to bed? : PaJaymas
Eish:  :
Ethan:  :
Harsimar: What do you call a Harsimar with 20/20 vision? : HarSEEmar
Jared: What do you call a Jared who did his homework? : JaREAD
Arbaz: How does Arbaz get around? : He drives a cArbaz
Sooji: What is Sooji's favorite thing to text? : EmSoogis
Ratik: What sound does Ratik's clock make? : Ratik-tock
Yae:  :
Divya: What is Divya's favorite kind of boat? : A Divyacht
Michelle: Where does Michelle store her books? : a Michelf
Hongda: How does Hongda get around? : they drive a Hongda Civic
Kristin: What does Kristen call her exit? : Krist-out
Liangchen: :
Sandra: :
Junxi: What do you call a Junxi standing next to something really different? : Junxtaposition
Ludvig:  :
Bryan: What do you call a Bryan that loses an electron? : Br-ion
Cailey: What do you call a Cailey in a tree? : Caileaf
Chao: How does Chao eat his seafood? : clam Chaoder
Nan: How does Nan do magic tricks? : they wave their magic Nand
Huilin:  :
Jess: What do you call a Jess who is funny? : Jesst
Miki: How does Miki get a value from a map? : He gives it a Mi-key
Wenxuan: What do you call a Wenxuan who doesn't know the time? : Whenxuan
Kaizhi: What do you call a Kaizhi soaring through the air? : Skyzhi
Claire: What does Claire put before her loops? : a variable deClaireation
Pim: It's amazing that one man does so much stuff in CSE : You might say it's Pimpossible
Jessie: What do you call a Jessie on a boat? : Jessea
Jocelyn: What is Jocelyn told when she goes to the dentist? : Remember to Flosselyn
Kevin: What do you call a Kevin that isn't held down by anyone? : Kevindependent
Louis: What do you call a Louis that holds things together? : glueis
Casey: What does Casey call his favorite food? : a deli-Casey
Aaron: What does Aaron call his to-do list? : his Aaronds
Kendall: What does Kendall do on a shopping trip? : They Spendall their money
Zach: How does Zach carry all his books? : a backZach
Angel: What do you call an Angel who can reach far away? : rAngel
Lucero: What is Lucero's favorite flex-property? : flex-direction : lucerROW;
Julianne: What do you call a Julianne that is always prepared? : a Juliplanner
Taylor: What do you call a Taylor that gives out money? : Paylor
Trey: What do you call a radical Trey? : Extreyme
Jacky: What does Jacky buy at the golf supply store? : Jacktee's
Manny: What is Manny's favorite Hall and Oates Song? : Mannyac (I highly recommend the song)
Hyung: What do you call a Hyung in elementary school? : Hyoung
Keegan: What do you call a Keegan on a farm? : Keeglamb
Koyo: What is Koyo's favorite mexican fast food joint? : El Koyo Loco
Tierney:  :
Grant: What do you call a Grant that is made up of granular rock? : Grant-ite
Bao: Did you hear Bao got a job hunting down criminals? : She's a Bao-nty hunter
Tom: How does Tom name his websites? : www.aboutme.tom
Oliver: How does Oliver wrap non-semantic content? : Ol<div>er
Clayton: What do you call a Clayton having fun? : Playton
Saurav: What's Saurav's favorite condiment? : Sauravcha
Sarah: What do you call a Sarah that lives in the woods? : Bear-ah
Eva:  :
Oscar: What does Oscar get when he plays golf? : Ospar
Nhat: What did Nhat say when asked if he was busy? : "No, I am Nhat"
Khang: What is Khang's favorite fruit? : Khangtelope
Wen: What do you call an outstanding Wen?: Wenderful
Sweekruthi: What do you call a Sweekruthi that can't lie? : SweekTRUEthi
Nikhil: What is hard for Nikhim to swallow? : a Nikpill
Antonio: What do you call an Antonio that you sit on? : Anthroneio
Peter: What's Peter's favorite planet? : JuPeter
Valerie: What do you call a Valerie that is tall? : Valertree
Kyle: What do you call a sad Kyle? : Cryle
Yaniv: How does Yaniv share his resources? : he Yandivides them
Catherine: What do you call a twirling Catherine? : Catherspin
Ann: What happens when Ann is annoyed? : They get Anngry
Daniel: What do you call a Daniel who is enthusiastic about something? : Faniel
Chuan: What do you call a Chuan with six sides? : a hexagChuan
Batina:  :
Samantha: What does Samantha call her ideas? : Samanthoughts
David:  :
Zoheb:  :
Karandeep:  :
Sanchit:  :
Yash: What sound does Yash make when he jumps into water? : Spl-Yash
Patrin:  :
Nimai: What do you call a Nimai who's really strong? : Nimaighty
Joosung: What do you call a Joosung who is sad? : Bluesung
Eric: What do you call an Eric whose father is a ruler? : Heir-ic
Anastasia: What do you call an Anastasia that's lost? : Anastraysia
Evan: What do you call a nice Evan? : hEvanly
Michael: What does Michael use to speak loudly? : a Mike-crophone
Sai: How does Sai finish all his homework so early? : He does all his assignments Sai-multaneously
Tahmin: How long does it take Tahmin to debug his code? : jusTah-minute
Erica: What do you call an Erica that studies the weather? : airica
Ivan: What kind of car does Ivan drive? : a min-Ivan
Annie: Why is Annie so good at hide and seek? : She could be Anniewhere
Nadir:  :
Hawk: What do you call a Hawk who likes to skate? : a Hawkey player
Camile: What does Camile eat at breakfast, lunch, and dinner? : Cameal
Paola:  :
Roger: Where does Roger go to relax? : the Spager
Amar: What do you call an Amar with good grades? : sAmart
Yvette:  :
Preethi: What do you call a Preethi who doesn't have anything on their schedule? : Freethi
Aryan:  :
Matthew: What do you call a Matthew that can change colors? : Matthue
Jack: What do you call a Jack that catches you by surprise? : sneak aJack
John: What do you call a John with a negative charge? : elecJohn
Lucy: What does Lucy do when she enters lecture?  : Take a Lu-seat
Owen: What is Owen's favorite weather? : Sn-Owen
Tie Xiao: What do you call a Tie Xiao who's really impressive? : Tie wow
Yeyan: What sound does a tired Yeyan make?  : Yeyawn
Christopher: What do you call a wet Christopher? : Mistopher
Ben: Why can't Ben pay at vending machines? : all his bills are BENt
Philip: What's Philip's favorite way to move backwards? : a back-Philip
Avery: What do you call an Avery that is never scared? : brAvery
Tal: What is Tal's favorite genre of music? : Heavy Me-Tal
Robel: When does Robel change classes? : when he hears the Ro-bell
Jeffrey: What do you call a Jeffrey played by Jerry Seinfeld? : Jeffbee
Derek: What is Derek's favorite hair care brand? : conair-ek
Joseph: What do you call a Joseph that is DA BOMB : Explodeseph
Li-Kai: What did Li-Kai say before he left? : Li-Bye
Harly: What do you call a Harly that is not close to you? : Farly
Chuhan: What does Chuhan wear on their feet? : Shoehans
Justin: How does Justin find dates? : He uses Justinder
Mingyang: What do you call a Mingyang who likes birds? : wingyang
Sandy: What is Sandy's favorite country? : Japandy
Ruolu: What is Ruolu's favorite streaming service? : Ruohulu
Nicholas: What does Nicholas use to keep track of the tasks he still has to do? : He uses a Nicholist
Aego: What is Aego's favorite anmial? : an Aegoat
Feiyang: What does Feiyang wear around their neck to a formal event? : a Tieyang
Annabelle: What does Annabelle use to style her hair? : Annab-gel
Glenn: What do you call a Glenn that is not cheap? : Exp-glenn-sive
Hanzheng: What do you call a Hanzheng that comes back to life in a video game? : Spawnzheng
Jeremy: How does Jeremy Express his frustration?  : He screams JeremREEEEEEE
Zetao: What do you call a Zetao you use to dry off? : Zetaowel
Alice: What do you call an Alice that you drink from? : chAlice
Yunze: What do you call a Yunze that is entertaining?  : Funze
Juncheng: What do you call a Juncheng that likes word play? : Puncheng
Xuanlong: What does a Xuanlong use to pick things up?: Xuantongs
Robert: What do you call an injuerd Robert? : Robhurt
Zhiwei: What is Zhiwei's favorite protein? : Zhiwhey
Jason: What do you call a dizzy Jason? : Jaspun
Kay: What is Kay's favorite animal?  : A Kayngaroo
Raphael: What happens when Raphael gets frustrated? : He Raphaeyells
Zehua: How does Zehua say hello? : Zehua-owdy
Ally: What do you call the world around Ally? : Re-Ally-ty
Yifei: What does Yifei say when she's happy? : Hip hip Yifei
Stephen: What do you call a Stephen that is not allowed? : Stephban
Della: What do you call a Della who has been elected? : A Dellagate
